Update on repository documentatio (#126)
arfc/transition-scenarios: README.md

# transition-scenarios

> This directory contains materials related to modeling of fuel cycle transition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains materials related to modeling fuel cycle transition
```

scenarios performed by ARFC. 

```database/``` contains stagnant information that is read in to help create 
input files. ```input/``` contains files related to modeling specific scenarios and 

> projects, each project is a different directory. ```scripts``` contains multiple 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
projects, where each project is a different subdirectory. ```scripts``` contains multiple 
```
